Minor document updates (#1835)
alphagov/content-publisher: docs/import-from-whitehall.md

1. Navigate to https://signon.integration.publishing.service.gov.uk/api_users
1. Click 'Create API user'

> 1. Enter a name (e.g. your name followed by 'Whitehall Import to Content Publisher Migration Testing') and an email address.  You will not be able to use your `digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk` email address as it will already exist.  However, do identify yourself - something like `<first_name>.<last_name>@alphagov.uk` is fine.

Reviewer: 👍

require "gds_api/whitehall_export"
GdsApi.whitehall_export.unlock_document(1234)
```

> To unlock all locked documents (useful when testing and comparing documents) type the following into a Content Publisher Rails console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unlock all documents you have imported (useful when testing and comparing documents) type the following into a Content Publisher Rails console:
```
Minor change just to ensure there's no expectation this will unlock all documents (even those locked by someone else).

Author: @brucebolt Thanks Bruce.  Fixed.
